1. Men's restroom problem: It is a well-researched fact that men in a restroom generally prefer to maximize their distance from already occupied stalls, by occupying the middle of the longest sequence of unoccupied places. For a detailed version, check the following link.
Link: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/32645046/urinal-algorithm-a-simple-optimization

2.Given a graph print either of the set of the vertices that are colored with the same color. And if the graph is not bipartite print “-1”. 
Test cases also included cases when a graph is not connected.


3. A Research team want to establish a research center in a region where they found some rare-elements.They want to make it closest to all the rare-elements as close as possible so that they can reduce overall cost of research over there. 
It is given that all the rare elements location is connected by roads. It is also given that Research Center can only be built on the road. The team decided to assign this task to a coder.If you feel you have that much potential.
Here is the Task:- Find the shortest of the longest distance of the research centre from given locations of rare-elements.
locations are given in the matrix cell form where 1 represents roads and 0 no road... number of rare-element and their location was also given(number<=5) and order of square matrix was less than equal to (20).


4. Given a Binary Tree where each node has positive and negative values.
 Convert this to a tree where each node contains the sum of the left and right subtrees 
 in the original tree.The values of leaf nodes are changed to 0.

5. Write a function that calculates the day of the week for any particular date
 in the past or future. A typical application is to calculate the day of the week on 
which someone was born or some other special event occurred.

6. Given a Binary Tree, write a function that returns the size of the largest subtree which is also a Binary Search Tree (BST). If the complete Binary Tree is BST,
 then return the size of the whole tree.

7.You are given an array of integers which represents positions available and an integer c(cows).
Now you have to choose c positions such that the minimum difference between cows is maximized.
For example,
1 3 5 8 10
c=3
output: 4
1 5 10


8. Given a Binary Tree and a node x in it, find the distance of the closest leaf to x in Binary Tree. 
If given node itself is a leaf, then the distance is 0

9. Given random points in a 2-D plane, construct a convex polygon with a minimum area 
of coverage and which encompasses all the given points.

10.A company sells its products with a unique serial number on it. 
 Company has has found that there are some products that don’t sell well which
 are identified to have ominous numbers in the serial number of the product. 
 So if a serial number of the product contains atmost ’k’ ominous number then it won’t sell. 
 Given a range form s to e, you need to find number of products 
 that would sell, leaving out the products that contains atmost ’k’ ominous numbers.

11.You are given N unique numbers a1<a2<a3<...an. Find out the count of all
  possible binary search trees that can be constructed using these numbers. 
  For example with 3 elements 1,2,3,
  there are 5 possible BST and for 1,2,3,4 there are 14 BST

12.Given an NxM (N rows and M columns) integer matrix with non-negative values 
(0..MAX_INT inclusive). What is the maximum sum from going top left (0, 0) 
to bottom right (N-1, M-1)? The condition is that when you're at the point (p, q), 
you can only move to either right (p, q+1) or down (p+1, q).

13.Given a graph question. We have to find the loop in the graph 
if it exists and print the nodes of the loop in sorted order.

14.You are given an old touch smartphone numbers having dial pad and calculator app. 
 The goal is to type a number on dial-pad. Calculator have 1-9 and +, -, * , /, = as operations. But as the phone is old, some of the numbers and some operations can't be touched. But you can always make a number using other numbers and operations. There could be multiple ways of making a number. You have to find minimum operation for making a number.
 For ex: lets say 1,4,6,7,8,9 works and +,-,* works. 2,3,5 and / doesn't work.
 If you have to type 18-> 2 operations. (Each touch is considered an operation).
 If you have to type 5 -> '1+4=' that requires 4 operations. There could be other ways to make
 '5'. The goal is to find minimum operations.

15. There are N pots. Every pot has some water in it. They may be partially filled. 
Every pot is associated with overflow number O which tell how many minimum no. of stones 
required for that pot to overflow. The crow knows O1 to On(overflow no. for all the pots). 
Crow wants some K pots to be overflow. So the task is a minimum number of stones he can make 
K pots overflow in the worst case.

Array of overflow no--. {1,...,On}
Number of pots--n
No of pots to overflow-- k

Let say two pots are there with overflow no.s {5,58}, and the crow has to overflow 
one pot(k=1). So crow will put 5 stones in a pot with overflow no.(58), it will not overflow,
 then he will put in the pot with overflow no.(5), hence the total no. of stones to 
make overflow one-pot is=10.

16.You are given 2 convex hulls.
 Find all the common points that lie in the intersection of these 2 convex hulls.

17.There is an island surrounded by oil mines. You will be given n companies and m oil mines
   having values. You have to distribute the mines to "n" companies in fair manner. 
   Remember the companies can have oil mines adjacent to each other and not in between
   of each other.After distributing them compute the difference of oil mines from the company
   getting highest and company getting lowest. This number should be minimum.
   (then only the distribution can be termed as fair).

  Example
  Input
  2
  2 4
  6 13 10 2
  2 4
  6 10 13 2

  output
  5
  1
18. There is a n x n matrix with only 0s & 1s. Letters are formed using 1 and 0. For eg.-

            U is 1 0 1,  V is 1 0 1
                 1 0 1        1 0 1
                 1 1 1        0 1 0  
Likewise there are 6 letters and they can rotated in 90, 180, 270, 360 degree. 
And if there is a letter, the next column would be filled with 0. Eg.

             V- 1 0 1 0
                1 0 1 0
                0 1 0 0
So we have to count the number of each letter in the matrix.

19.There is a maze that has one entrance and one exit. Jewels are placed in passages of 
the maze. You want to pick up the jewels after getting into the maze through the entrance 
and before getting out of it through the exit. You want to get as many jewels as possible, 
but you don’t want to take the same passage you used once.

When locations of a maze and jewels are given, find out the greatest number of jewels 
you can get without taking the same passage twice, and the path taken in this case.



Input
There can be more than one test case in the input file. The first line has T, the number
 of test cases. Then the totally T test cases are provided in the following lines (T = 10 ).

In each test case, In the first line, the size of the maze N (1 = N = 10) is given. 
The maze is N×N square-shaped. From the second line through N lines, information of the 
maze is given. “0” means a passage, “1” means a wall, and “2” means a location of a jewel. 
The entrance is located on the upper-most left passage and the exit is located on the 
lower-most right passage. There is no case where the path from the entrance to the 
exit doesn’t exist.


Output
From the first line through N lines, mark the path with 3 and output it. In N+1 line, 
output the greatest number of jewels that can be picked up. Each test case must be output 
separately as a empty.

20.  Mr. Lee has to travel various offices abroad to assist branches of each place.
 But he has a problem. The airfare would be real high as all offices he has to visit are
 in foreign countries. He wants to visit every location only one time and return home with 
the lowest expense. Help this company-caring man calculate the lowest expense.

Time limit : 1 second (java : 2 seconds)
Input format
Several test cases can be included in the inputs. T, the number of cases is given in the 
first row of the inputs. After that, the test cases as many as T (T = 30) are given in a row. 
N, the number of offices to visit is given on the first row per each test case. At this 
moment, No. 1 office is regarded as his company (Departure point). (1 = N = 12) Airfares 
are given to move cities in which branches are located from the second row to N number rows. 
I.e. jth number of ith row is the airfare to move from ith city to jth city. If it is impossible
 to move between two cities, it is given as zero.

Output format
Output the minimum airfare used to depart from his company, visit all offices, and then 
return his company on the first row per each test case.

Example of Input

2
5
0 14 4 10 20
14 0 7 8 7
4 5 0 7 16
11 7 9 0 2
18 7 17 4 0
5
9 9 2 9 5
6 3 5 1 5
1 8 3 3 3
6 0 9 6 8
6 6 9 4 8

Example of Output

30
18


21. There is a mobile piece and a stationary piece on the N×M chessboard. The available moves 
of the mobile piece are the same as set out in the image below. You need to capture the 
stationary piece by moving the mobile piece with the minimum amount of moves.

Write a program to find out the minimum number moves to catch a piece.

Time limit:1 second (java: 2 seconds)

Input
Several test cases can be included in the inputs. T, the number of cases is given in 
the first row of the inputs. After that, the test cases as many as T (T = 20) are given 
in a row. N, the numbers of the rows and M, the number of columns of the chessboard are given
 in the first row of each test case. R & C is the location information of the attacking piece 
and S & K is the location of the defending pieces and are given in the row at the second line. 
However, the location of the uppermost end of the left end is (1, 1)

Output
For each test case, you should print "Case #T" in the first line where T means the case number.
 For each test case, you should output the minimum number of movements to catch a defending 
piece at the first line of each test case. If not moveable, output equals ‘-1’.

You are busy to promote a newly released film in a movie theatre . the title is 
'Biochemical Laughing Bomb' which is about terror. Guerillas drop a biochemical laughing bomb
 in the middle of a city. once exposed, you have to laugh all your life. The bomb will 
contaminate four people around it during t second, and another four around each of them 
during another one second. However, you won't be contaminated if you are not in the adjacent
four directions. as the below shows the location of the bomb and affected people , and shows
 contamination process in seconds and you can figure out that the whole city is contaminated 
in 8 seconds. In order to protect the city from the epidemic, create a program that figures 
out when the city will be contaminated by the bomb for the last.

Input
Several test cases can be included in the inputs. T, the number of cases is given in the
 first row of the inputs. After that, the test cases as many as T (T = 30) are given in a row. 
The row and column of the city, N and M are given by being separated with a blank on the first
 row of each test case. (1 = N, M = 100) The status within city is given by being separated 
with a blank from the second row to N number rows. 1 means people exist and 0 means people 
do not exist. The coordinate of the row and column on which the bomb fall is given by being 
separated with a blank on the last row.

Output
For each test case, you should print "Case #T" in the first line where T means the case number. 
For each test case, you should output how long does it take to contaminate al people on the
 first row of each test case.

22. Given number of pipes 1..n, Find two largest pipes of maximum length possible. 
Ex: input - 1,2,3,4,6 Output - 
The maximum length possible is 8. Pipe1 - 2,6 Pipe2 - 1,3,4




